docs: Clarifying messaging-mechanism.adoc. (#857)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/architecture_and_concepts/pages/Network_Architecture/messaging-mechanism.adoc

[id="messaging_mechanism"]
= L1-L2 messaging

// Who is the audience for this? dApp devs?
// What do they actually need to do with this info?

[id="l2-l1_messages"]
== L2 → L1 messages

> Contracts on L2 can interact asynchronously with contracts on L1 using  the _L2→L1_ messaging protocol.

Reviewer: Extra space here in error

Author: Fixed.

. The message is then decoded into a Starknet transaction that invokes a function annotated with the `l1_handler` decorator on the target contract. Transactions like this on L2 are called *_L1 handler transactions_*.
 .. The Starknet sequencer, upon seeing enough L1 confirmations for the transaction that sent the message, initiates the corresponding L2 transaction.
// What does this mean: "upon seeing enough L1 confirmations..."? Is this talking about waiting for a batch?
 .. The L2 transaction invokes the relevant `l1_handler` function.
. The L1 Handler transaction that was created in the previous step is added to a proof.
. The Core contract receives the state update.
. The message is cleared from the Core contract's storage. At this point, the message is handled.

The above flow is illustrated in the following diagram:
#THIS IMAGE IS WRONG & MISLEADING#

image::l1l2.png[l1l2]

An L1->L2 message consists of #Where is an example of an L1->L2 message?#:

* L1 sender's address
* L2 recipient's contract address
* Function selector
* Calldata array
* Message nonce
+
[NOTE]
====

> The message nonce is maintained on the Starknet Core contract on L1, and is #incremented# whenever a message is sent to L2. The nonce is used to avoid hash collisions between different L1 handler transactions that are #caused# [.line-through]#induced# by the same message being sent on L1 multiple times.

Author: ```suggestion
The message nonce is maintained on the Starknet Core contract on L1, and is incremented whenever a message is sent to L2. The nonce is used to avoid a hash collision between different L1 handler transactions that is caused by the same message being sent on L1 multiple times.
```
